if i reach my hand up right now
i can probably catch and back
through literally surrounded
millions about status running
into us
unbelievable itself credible 20
million that were coming out of
cable same time we have to keep
landing on my life
it's the vortex and these young
bath have to leap off and they
need to make it out without
running into other bats or
losing their way
otherwise they're going to drop
to the floor and on the floor
outside of the cave are dozens
of whip snakes just waiting for
these bats right in front of us
we have a snaky sauces leaving
two snakes just fought over a
baby that fell down percent
mortality rate with the pups
if so many things that have to
survive their snakes Hawks
there's owls
there's a whole ecosystem
dependent on these baths
the young bats that get caught
in the cactus
they have to free themselves
right away because if they are
stuck their infield they're
going to die a little guy needed
yeah
yeah there are moving on to
I didn't really realize where
the shark was as soon as I jump
in the water a jump - right in
front of the thing I just see it
as sharp with its mouth open